Add documentation for timeout at the server side (#4860)
line/armeria: site/src/pages/docs/server-timeouts.mdx

# Overriding server timeouts

There are several ways to override the default timeouts at server-side.

> ## Global Configuration

Reviewer: What do you think of moving `Global Configuration` to the bottom?
I guess flags are probably the least preferred type because it needs extra JVM properties or SPI. It's good to go from a large range to a small range, but I think it's okay to change the order a little to put the information you're interested in first.

Author: I think It is good to move commonly used methods to the top. 👍

> # Overriding server timeouts

Author: Thanks! I think it is better to.

# Overriding server timeouts

> You can override the default timeouts of a request.

Reviewer 2: Since `request timeout` isn't the only type of timeout on server-side (connection timeouts, etc..)

```suggestion
There are several ways to override the default timeouts at server-side.
```

## Global Configuration

> Globally configuring the default timeout with system properties or a custom <type://FlagsProvider>.

Reviewer 2: Not a complete sentence

```suggestion
You may globally configure the default timeout with system properties or a custom <type://FlagsProvider>.
```

### Using JVM system properties

You can override the default server timeouts by specifying the following JVM system properties if you do not prefer setting it programmatically.

`-Dcom.linecorp.armeria.defaultRequestTimeoutMillis=<long>`

> The default value of this flag is 10000L and 0 disables the timeout.

Reviewer 2: What do you think of also explaining what the timeout actually does?

```suggestion
Represents the amount of time from receiving a request to sending the corresponding response completely. Default: `10000`.
```

<Warning>

  The JVM system properties have effect only when you did not specify them programmatically.
  See <type://Flags> for the complete list of JVM system properties in Armeria.

</Warning>

### Using <type://FlagsProvider>

> You can override the global <type://Flags> by implementing your own <type://FlagsProvider> and loading it via Java SPI.

Reviewer 2: Technically, `FlagsProvider` is also eventually loaded by `Flags`

```suggestion
You can override the request timeout specified by JVM system properties by implementing your own <type://FlagsProvider> and loading it via Java SPI.
```

```java
package com.example.providers;

// Add the following text file to your classpath or JAR file:
//
// $ cat META-INF/services/com.linecorp.armeria.common.FlagsProvider
// com.example.providers.MyFlagsProvider
//
public class MyFlagsProvider implements FlagsProvider {
  @Override
  public int priority() {
    // The provider with higher value will be evaluated first.
    return 100;
  }

  @Override
  public Long defaultRequestTimeoutMillis() {
      return 1000L;
  }
}
```

## Using <type://ServerBuilder>
```java
import com.linecorp.armeria.server.Server;
import com.linecorp.armeria.server.ServerBuilder;

import java.time.Duration;

int requestTimeout = 5;

ServerBuilder sb = Server.builder();
Server server = sb.http(port)
                  .annotatedService(new HelloService())
                  .requestTimeout(Duration.ofSeconds(requestTimeout))
                  .build();
```

## Using <type://VirtualHostBuilder>

> You can set the timeouts for each virtual host individually

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set the timeouts for each virtual host.
```

```java
import com.linecorp.armeria.common.HttpResponse;
import com.linecorp.armeria.server.Server;
import com.linecorp.armeria.server.ServerBuilder;

import java.time.Duration;

import static com.linecorp.armeria.common.HttpStatus.OK;

int requestTimeout1 = 5;
int requestTimeout2 = 10;

> int requestTimeout3 = 20;

Reviewer 2: Optional) Personally I think inlining the variables makes the code more concise/readable. (ditto for the other examples)

ServerBuilder sb = Server.builder();
Server server = sb.http(port)
                  .defaultVirtualHost()
                  .service("/hello1", (ctx, req) -> HttpResponse.of(OK))
                  .requestTimeout(Duration.ofSeconds(requestTimeout1))
                  .and()
                  .virtualHost("*.foo.com")
                  .service("/hello2", (ctx, req) -> HttpResponse.of(OK))
                  .requestTimeout(Duration.ofSeconds(requestTimeout2))
                  .and()
                  .withVirtualHost(builder -> {
                      builder.hostnamePattern("*.bar.com")
                              .service("/hello3", (ctx, req) -> HttpResponse.of(OK))
                              .requestTimeout(Duration.ofSeconds(requestTimeout3));
                  })
                  .build();
```

## Using <type://ServiceBindingBuilder>

> You can set the timeouts for each route individually

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set the timeouts for each route.
```

Server server = sb.http(port)
                  .route()
                  .get("/hello1")
                  .requestTimeout(Duration.ofSeconds(requestTimeout1))
                  .build((ctx, req) -> HttpResponse.of(OK))
                  .withRoute(builder -> {
                      builder.get("/hello2")
                             .requestTimeout(Duration.ofSeconds(requestTimeout2))
                             .build((ctx, req) -> HttpResponse.of(OK));
                  })
                  .build();
```

## Using <type://ServiceRequestContext>

You can use the context to set the timeouts for a request.

```java
import com.linecorp.armeria.common.HttpResponse;
import com.linecorp.armeria.server.Server;
import com.linecorp.armeria.server.ServerBuilder;

import java.time.Duration;

import static com.linecorp.armeria.common.HttpStatus.OK;

int requestTimeout = 5;

ServerBuilder sb = Server.builder();
Server server = sb.http(port)
                  .service("/hello", (ctx, req) -> {
                      ctx.setRequestTimeout(Duration.ofSeconds(requestTimeout));
                      return HttpResponse.of(OK);
                  })
                  .build();
```

> Also, It is possible to use automatically injected context.

Reviewer 2: Optional) Personally, I find this example superfluous since it describes that `ServiceRequestContext` can be injected rather than focusing on setting the timeout. What do you think of removing L155-L184? 
I'm fine either way though

Author: I agree with your opinion 👍
